mainBackgroundColor: UIColor
defaultTopBarHeight: CGFloat
topBarColor: UIColor
sideBarWidth: CGFloat
dayLabelDefaultFont: UIFont
dayLabelTextColor: UIColor
dayLabelMinimumFontSize: CGFloat
hourLabelFont: UIFont
hourLabelTextColor: UIColor
hourLabelMinimumFontSize: CGFloat
allDayEventHeight: CGFloat
allDayEventVerticalSpacing: CGFloat
visibleDaysInPortraitMode: Int
visibleDaysInLandscapeMode: Int
eventLabelFont: UIFont
eventLabelTextColor: UIColor
eventLabelMinimumFontSize: CGFloat
defaultDayViewColor: UIColor
weekendDayViewColor: UIColor
passedDayViewColor: UIColor
passedWeekendDayViewColor: UIColor
dayViewHourIndicatorColor: UIColor
dayViewHourIndicatorThickness: CGFloat
dayViewMainSeparatorColor: UIColor
dayViewMainSeparatorThickness: CGFloat
dayViewDashedSeparatorColor: UIColor
dayViewDashedSeparatorThickness: CGFloat
dayViewDashedSeparatorPattern: [NSNumber]
dayViewCellHeight: CGFloat
portraitDayViewSideSpacing: CGFloat
landscapeDayViewSideSpacing: CGFloat
portraitDayViewVerticalSpacing: CGFloat
landscapeDayViewVerticalSpacing: CGFloat
velocityOffsetMultiplier: CGFloat